Panel discussion: 27th March 2023
Panelists: Liang Jiaxin (leader), Hu Kaiyi, Liu Zhuofan, Dong Zhenzheng, Shu Xiaoyu, Liu Dayong and six others
Summary of discussion prepared by: Liu Zhuofan
Needs Analysis: To build a webpage to introduce a city to different visitors and to give them a comprehensive and systematic understanding of the city.
Alternative cities: Changsha, Chengdu, Xingtai, Beijing, Zhangjiakou
After a group discussion, the final city was decided to be ---- Zhangjiakou
The discussion and reasons for the decision are as follows:
       Zhangjiakou is located at the pass of the Great Wall, the intersection of the North China Plain and the Mongolian Plateau, and has historically been the interface between the forces of the Middle Kingdom and the grasslands, and has traditionally been a place of contention for soldiers. After the establishment of the Ming Dynasty, the Northern Expedition sacked the Yuan capital (now Beijing) and the Yuan court retreated to the north of the desert, the area of the agricultural and pastoral transition zone became the front line of the invasion of the residual Yuan forces, and the need to stabilise the border made it possible to open a garrison. Both the Ming and Qing Dynasties established their capitals in Beijing, further enhancing the military status of their surrounding areas, and the Yanshan and Yinshan mountain ranges to the north of Beijing became a natural place for Shenjing Pinghan. Zhangjiakou's close proximity to Beijing, its location between the eastern and western Taiping Mountains, and the fact that it was surrounded by mountains to the east, north and west, made it a strategic location to the north of the capital, leading to the construction of Zhangjiakou Fort.
       Zhangjiakou City is an important industrial base in Hebei Province and one of the ten key development cities in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region. Modern manufacturing, modern service and modern agriculture are flourishing in Zhangjiakou, forming an industrial system based on energy, chemicals, metallurgy, building materials and food, a service system based on tourism, logistics, medical care and culture, and an agricultural system based on green food, ecological agriculture and modern animal husbandry, providing strong support for the city's development.
       Zhangjiakou city has a unique folk culture with a rich variety of folk arts and folk festivals. Famous festivals include the Zhangjiakou Vegetable Festival, the Vegetable Culture Festival and the Chongli Ice and Snow Festival. In addition, Zhangjiakou has unique folk arts, such as shadow puppets and gong and drum dances.
       Located at the northern end of the Taihang Mountains and the southern foot of the Yanshan Mountain Range, Zhangjiakou is blessed with natural beauty. The most famous of these are the Damiao Scenic Area, a national nature reserve and a national AAAA tourist attraction, which has spectacular natural landscapes such as gorges, cliffs and waterfalls; and the famous Baiyun Cave in Kong Mountain, which has peculiar geological landscapes such as stalactites, stalagmites and stone pillars; in addition, there are abundant natural landscapes such as forests, grasslands and lakes, such as the Yunding Mountains in Chongli County and the grasslands on the dam in Huailai County.
       
       


